Add Realm.Configuration.dataInitialization (#4418)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

x.x.x Release notes (yyyy-MM-dd)
=============================================================
### Enhancements

> * Added `Realm.Configuration.dataInitialization` to populate a Realm initially.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `Realm.Configuration.dataInitialization` to populate a new Realm with initial data.
```

> * Added `Realm.Configuration.dataInitialization` to populate a new Realm with initial data.

Reviewer 2: This needs to be updated with the final name of the property.
